apricot mustard. Hold on onions! You should get a food.
Duffy cheesecake. How about if I pick for you It's easier that way.
What in the world is the philadelphia it's roast beef with melted cheese and sauteed onions on a hoogie roll?
What are you going to have it's going to have the classic chef salad that's boring?
Or How about the pasta salad customs where's That question is the first one? Oh, that's messenger sound good.
Yeah, that sounds pretty good. just like that. Okay? Oh, bye, yeah, everything.
Oh, also there was. What world is there all the things there?
It is so. One potato. Oh, yes, as passed. Yes, so it must be.
Excel cheer. take! what are you having? Give me, mom?
Oh, I mean like be lt crystal and ice teeth with no lemon taste very special.
The beauty tastes very much the world's beef sandwich beside one of those for breakfast.
Just where does this safety out under the guilty he's very special?
Are you ready? Finally, You know what you want to dream up.
Did you decide what to eat? Come on, decide. You look just like Sarah when you do that, and I know where she gets it.
Yep, I knew all along where she got it, and see, your mouth is finally healing up after 2 weeks.
Huh! I know it's just been away who was it that you had it when we went to would be that was 2 weeks ago.
Oh, well, no! what do they have you're right you're right a mud pot?
Can I have that for an appetite. No but you're gonna have it for dessert, mom.
I can't have it for that if you want that's right looks good.
I was gonna have the cost of it. we handle it Why, not yes, I'm gonna have this cuz. i'm gonna bet, too.
So I have to have something smaller. No, so we're all gonna have that.
So I have what you want. she's ready she wants pasta I want to beilty Crissant.
No, she wants to post and stick them off. Yeah, I thought she wanted this this one.
That was my choice which one are you having i'm having this but I want a salad with it.
Protector, a beel degrissant ice tea with no lemon and protect the snow to the price.
You know I have time, Java. for myself. Okay, like a ball here.
I stake and sauce to go home that's what I want What are you having?
Actually it's, I wonder if I can get salad in half the sandwich instead of supernatural, so can I just get salad like green salad, or whatever white hole it's hard to arrive and if you
want protocols and others. You have ranch. Okay, what kind of sandwich are you getting?
My name's nick do you guys want anything to drink no i'll take water, not actually can I ask some clean hot tea.
Well, it's good for winner's icy blast. I already said I wanted icy with the lemon.
She's just asking us Yeah, I was asking him okay i'll run good close.
My name's like I said hey? you're gonna never know.
Okay, thank you pretty nice. Hi, Billy Billy how's that Goby.
Really really suits. And after we beat up our car Well, that was all really, why don't you just do it on the same phone call?
Oh, he said, he had to do that the one that you were up all night with that night I came up and turns lights on.
It. This is Park. Oh, Nigg, Well, you've really become good friends with him and his wife.
This is life and catholic where'd she come from that's her name from list, and I don't know I didn't know where they were married.
Think i've never falls nice you reconcile the path more right?
Oh, really, right away. Yeah. Do you have any kids? Have we been married?
She could flash it from Red Flora. She had to be lark.
She could hold her as long as she didn't get up really yes, £1210, you know.
Okay. Well, maybe she does. Have quite a problem some people could I mean it's not impossible tend to believe How long have they been hearing that year and a half?
Has anybody ever talked about him? 2 years in november What's Bill doing there?
What are we in the process of your bill? Not building is baby with a carpenter.
He was a carpenter don't know what He's doing. He's supposed to start bailing, hey?
That I think they're gonna let it sit another day what Does he do when he doesn't take as much come home?
Would you feel, explain all of this, I don't understand what not taking as lunch has to do with bailing cake. Well, if he was gonna bail, hey? they wouldn't come in for lunch they would just eat while they're out there
out if he didn't take his lunch every day which he he does stadium, I mean well the man in the field.
He has to take as much that's just part of the way it'll start right.
The rest of the campus down the dinella that's what she does.
I've got all winner she thinks Oh, because they're always close enough.
I will break it to another lemon, but it tastes so good with mine.
I don't even like I see so like happy days yeah I love hot, too.
But the winter hasn't left you put lemon in your hot tea more or yeah, I answer schwar.
I was talking a rope because she had the lemon and the hot tea like you don't have get it.
What are you I don't put lemon in my hot food, only doing it So I usually have Yeah, that's good lemon or lemon and honey.
Now you Won't be able to touch jonathan just don't tell him, because you're drinking mamma and honey Don't tell him or don't tell him terribly martha Jean sat there and told all
about how sick Barba Gene was when she was tiny, and that helped a lot.
Oh, Martha J. what Well, 8 months old! and she always raised them.
My She told me the story of how she trained other kids by 9 months I now it's gotten back to eat.
Oh, well, they only they didn't make it to the line they know boys are slow.
Oh, yeah, Dr. Spunk, how about kept tinker It's Mr.
Spock. It's prime doctors. Well, what was her story about Barb that everyone that was Carolyn was so mathematic bronchitis.
And so how did Caroline react? You know, she said. Thanks a lot, you know, because she was a little like I was gonna go back.
So carolyn was really happy now i'm Carolyn looked at her, looked away, and I thought, Oh, boy, rude way to go kill.
Well, isn't she healthy I mean she!
I know she has our last. She has some ladder, but heart trouble.
Hershey has an enlarged heart a lot to be with that.
Oh, gosh that's true and she's always always having those for me!
They wish she's she's a disk semi I mean there's crooked. I think Congress here always have get back a Oh, really, I think I get back it's because I mean some people's bodies are
booted. Oh, yeah, because you're tall for women who are about 5 5 body.
It's because of the way my body is everybody gets back East, because back for oh, 5, right they're not built, or an animal to walk on to.
We taste. Actually, that helps me have a backache.
Really just to get down on your hands and knees and walk and crawl around.
Oh, not crack! not all the way down. it hurt but then your back.
Well, you know, when you're moving, you know chris yeah Well, when I I asked when I went in with my arm, you know, because I so much trouble with my elbow, and so well, she was giving me the treatment one time I asked her
about facts, you know, and she said, the newest theory is the opposite.
We? They used to say that you light flat with your with your knees up.
Yeah, so that it will curve this little bit it curves this way, she says.
Now we're having him do exercises you lie flat on your stomach, and you lift your shoulders up, and then you keep doing it until you can have your hands totally straight and your hips.
On the I mean your arms to really straighten your hips down so that your curved way up. So I started doing that, Believe it or not, my backache went away, but I can't imagine that he was certainly and he was walking steeped
over his back. You have to. You start out real just a little bit.
You know, that went away. but you see that's always worked for me too.
But it comes back. Well, then, that's what you you know different people have different.
I am good Carol and think she's got a kidney infection, Carolyn's. Carolyn is almost as bad as Bar, but being sick, but she just has these little things that come every once one they're
always serious. Well, she's, got a pain and waist in the back on one side only, and she's not going to bathroom as often as she should, even though she's drinking gallons of water.
Then it fat water. Well, she's gonna get bloated that's different than that.
Yes, I know. Thanks for looks like, yeah, but you can lose it real fast.
Huh? s she gonna go to the doctor and find out well she went yesterday, and the doctor wasn't there.
But the physicians assistant looked at her and thought it was just a muscle spasm.
So they gave her some. he, he, or she got it some pills for muscle spasms, but it hasn't helped as of last night.
It haven't. Well, well, You know I always thought they Were down here where the pain can be just about. you know you know pain can be just any place they said.
Your Kidneys are up right. here. let's weird I think Yeah, she's she thought she had a bladder infection when she was at Whitby.
Did she did she have the opposite probe that's not exactly the opposite.
They're kind of related aren't they but but they didn't even do a year analysis, which I think is ridiculous.
When she went in yesterday. But will a urine show up kidneys Sure, if there's an infection I didn't know it was.
I guess it would, because they did that, for well, they thought, Oh, they did, but they never figured out what he had.
Eventually. eventually. No, he's had it before Oh, really hey?
Great. So now Bill and Jonathan are natural class, right?
I do it. Then they quit going to loose and every week.
This is grand, so that's when I agree squeeze them as my tax right, I make a little to drag.
He must have liked your life. What was it the clever his mom which it was Jack's mother, So first they had to go seizure. but it scared more link because that was one of her dad's problems.
One. What asthma seems like we've got every best thing that could be is talking to a girl or Karen just gonna have a baby.
Does she have any already? she's my age yeah I know I remember her husband, the one I know her sisters home.
Okay, she said. they did. There is many diabetes in their family.
She goes to Dr. There's diabetes in our family needed. did one on me for either of the kids.
Maybe they pick something up in a blood test on her Well, and then there's there's such a thing as pregnancy diabetes, or you don't have any other time, and she may have received to that I never heard
of that. that's pretty weird, See I Never had that but grandma did when she was pregnant with me.
Oh, she did, will you be when you were born 7 13 Oh, so she didn't have one of those classic signs of diabetes.
No, usually don't on your first baby but your babies were late, my babies.
None of my babies were late that's what mom's hoping that it means it doesn't mean anything about having anybody.
I know more. Laura is was there would have been big Anyway, even she'd been on time.
So she is, Phil said the last ninetys that something about the next I don't want anything Merch.
Yes, kid, it out. Nothing ever flaps now that's not tracing.
You could have 6 of them, and you would just I wouldn't be anymore.
What happened Sunday, and had it, and and shared that what they were just were they doing about?
Who Hi! I didn't hear anything about it Oh, you'd left.
It was. Well, tell me about it, because I haven't heard all of it.
It was saying that the we were talking about different students being held back for different reasons and about children being put.
Oh, I was telling her about that one of your girls read at such a low level like you were shooting, and they said, Well, why don't they put her in? She was in, Ruby?
Well I said from one thing they can't put them on without the parents, and then the whole thing that current went through in the first part of second grade.
His first. So what happened? What have they wanted to test him for?
A ring Who? Great? yeah, they wanted to remedial class it's called Resource Room. Yeah, I know.
But just to me she won. let him Well, she never did anything about it, but she just telling him they never tested him.
The man, and he go into the racehroom I said sure that's not right, I said.
She suggested he be tested for it that's 2 different things.
That was the first thing that said, unless you were saying she just didn't do great again, and I just about I didn't and didn't.
But I, you know I told the later. I said, great learn there for miss, than he ever learned from Mrs.
Oh, well, probably because he tried harder for you know, and he was a lunch for me, complete, not complete.
But he made a big improvement. He made the collapses of the night regular, and I made this out a little bigger home.
Thanks. Is everything all right? It looks nice. That was that kind of I mean.
She was good, and then she said, stupid is still there with it. Doug, this is something great.
She's not gonna get her hands on him I said great that would probably be wonderful.
Gregory finally did. Well, one for one thing it bother me and I take a breath of something like that it doesn't let go, and Sharon Doesn't even think about what she's saying.
She just starts there, and I was just you should tell Sharon that principals do not take kindly to parents telling in what room they want their kids in for.
We gotta put dug in there just a shower probably just as well. I'm not having Doug Lean Greg.
What what grade is doug he's starting first next year.
We're going to go into the show like you know so much about it, so probably that one day teacher, and you both just had a bad name that came off probably just as well I wasn't there I don't know I have several things I want
to see, and I probably would that's good when i'm watching this awful lot, because this is good clam chowder.
But it's not as Good as uncle don me missing oh, well, after they've gone home, I don't think you know what a side of their freedom Unclear made it after you yeah but not surprisingly enough it didn't
taste real clammy and that wasn't all that here Well, it was good, but they did what's the use of having cram chart to, because evidently fresh clams haven't developed a real strong flavor
yet how do they get their flavor mean, canned, or something?
I would think so, and refrigerated just aging.